Adds APIM Analytics Overview page (#3613)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/api-manager-analytics/overview-of-api-analytics.md

# Overview of API Analytics
![APIM Analytics Overview Page]({{base_path}}/assets/img/observe/apim-analytics-overview-page.png)

APIs are widely used in Business Integrations and are becoming a key part of driving an organization's business 

> strategy. Ensuring the proper functioning of the APIs, getting feedback on the performance and deriving business 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strategy. Ensuring the proper functioning of the APIs, getting feedback on the performance, and deriving business 
```

insights from APIs are becoming equally important.

> With the API Manager 4.0.0 release API Analytics was completely revamped and offered as a cloud-based analytics solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the API Manager 4.0.0 release, API Analytics was completely revamped and offered as a cloud-based analytics solution
```

>  to provide users with an unparallel analytics experience addressing many customer concerns we received for earlier 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 to provide users with an unparalleled analytics experience addressing many customer concerns we received for earlier 
```
Shall we avoid mention of customer concerns here? We don't normally introduce that sort of viewpoint in docs.

 releases.

## Highlights
### Hassle Free Setting Up

> One of the major concerns customers had earlier was the effort taken up to setup the analytics environment. This 

Reviewer: Same comment as before. Let's remove this line.

Author: Fixed with ceadce23591c5187ed8bf6e0e424b49e64832bcf

involves setting up a minimum of two node deployment with tuned parameters which is a considerable effort and utilizes 
considerable amount of resources. 
With all new API Manager 4.0.0 cloud-based analytics model all that you need to do is,
 - [Register for API Manager Analytics]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/register-for-analytics)
 - [Configure Synapse Gateway]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/configure-synapse-gateway) or [Choreo Connect Gateway]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/configure-microgateway)

> These are the only two steps that is needed to setup analytics with the new solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the only two steps that are needed to setup analytics with the new solution.
```

### Modern Responsive UIs

> Earlier versions on API Manager analytics relied on home drown dashbaording solution for which We received the

Reviewer: Let's remove this as well.

Author: Fixed with ceadce23591c5187ed8bf6e0e424b49e64832bcf

 feedback that UIs look outdated. With cloud-based analytics now we have sleek and modern responsive UIs with improved 
 filtering and drill down capabilities. 

> You can access the all new analytics portal through here. Use this document as a reference to composition of each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the all new analytics portal through this solution. Use this document as a reference to the composition of each
```

 dashboard and information that is available through them. This document will guide you through different usecases
  you can achieve through analytics portal.

### One Portal to View and Configure Alerts

> In the earlier versions customers had to log in to a separate console to configure alerts related to analytics. With

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the earlier versions, customers had to log on to a separate console to configure alerts related to analytics. With
```

 the cloud-based analytics now you can configure alerts using the same console you used to view analytics. 
 Please refer this documentation to configure alerts

## Design
All above highly user-friendly features are possible through the new design adopted by the analytics solution. 

> Below diagram illustrate the basic architecture of the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the basic architecture of the solution.
```

![APIM Analytics Simplified Design]({{base_path}}/assets/img/observe/apim-analytics-simplified.jpg)

> As you can observe Gateways will now publish analytics stat directly to analytics cloud over the internet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can observe, Gateways will now publish analytics stats directly to the analytics cloud over the internet. 
```

Analytics cloud will have regional deployments to reduce publishing latencies and honor data privacy. 

> Analytics console is deployed as a separate web application which will query the processing later to visualize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analytics console is deployed as a separate web application that will query the processing to visualize
```
